README.md, before:

# harmoni

### NPM Setup Commands
Run in harmoni/frontend folder.

```npm i```

if it causes error, just force install it by:

```npm i --force```

### To run webserver.
```
python ./manage.py runserver
npm run dev
```

### Reference links.
[Django-rest-framework/api-guide/fields](https://www.django-rest-framework.org/api-guide/fields/#charfield)\
[Spotify API tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAmEZBEeNmg)

### "credentials.py" file under spotify folder is set up to app's client id.
```
CLIENT_ID = "97c1fd86051d4f8ca9ba31238423f6ab"
REDIRECT_URI = "http://127.0.0.1:8000/spotify/redirect"
```

### Spotify account can't be used in development mode.
username: tagaevmanas26@gmail.com

password: manas123

You can't login under your personal spotify account in the app, because it has to be added to allowed accounts that can send API requests on your behalf through our app. So, for in that case just use the account credentials above.

### If you want to access the app from different devices.
Add your local ip on the local network to ALLOWED_HOSTS array in harmoni/settings.py. And then, you can access the app using the <host_local_ip>:<app_port> address.

Commit message:

readme update, client secret added, credentials ignored

README.md, after:

# harmoni

### NPM Setup Commands
Run in harmoni/frontend folder.

```npm i```

if it causes error, just force install it by:

```npm i --force```

### To run webserver.
```
python ./manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:8000
npm run dev
```

### Reference links.
[Django-rest-framework/api-guide/fields](https://www.django-rest-framework.org/api-guide/fields/#charfield)\
[Spotify API tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAmEZBEeNmg)

### Create "credentials.py" file under spotify folder is set up to app's client id and secret.
```
CLIENT_ID = "97c1fd86051d4f8ca9ba31238423f6ab"
CLIENT_SECRET = "be4e064a4f15424b8544243e6ec18888"
REDIRECT_URI = "http://127.0.0.1:8000/spotify/redirect"
```

### Spotify account can't be used in development mode.
username: tagaevmanas26@gmail.com

password: manas123

You can't login under your personal spotify account in the app, because it has to be added to allowed accounts that can send API requests on your behalf through our app. So, for in that case just use the account credentials above.

### If you want to access the app from different devices.
Add your local ip on the local network to ALLOWED_HOSTS array in harmoni/settings.py. And then, you can access the app using the <host_local_ip>:<app_port> address.
